Example 1: SmCCNet Workflow with GNN Embeddings
===================================================

This tutorial demonstrates how to perform a comprehensive workflow using SmCCNet for graph generation, followed by
GNN-based embedding generation and subject representation integration.

**Workflow Overview:**

1. **Network Construction (SmCCNet):**
   Generates a network from multi-omics data using `SmCCNet`. The resulting adjacency matrix represents relationships between features.

2. **GNN-Based Embedding Generation:**
   Utilizes Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) to create embeddings from the constructed network, capturing intricate feature relationships.

3. **Subject Representation Integration:**
   Integrates the generated embeddings into subject-level omics data, enhancing downstream analytical capabilities.

**Step-by-Step Guide:**

1. **Setup Input Data:**
   - Prepare your omics data (`omics_data`), phenotype data (`phenotype_data`), and clinical data (`clinical_data`) as Pandas DataFrames or Series.
   - These data structures should be loaded or created within your application or script.

2. **Run SmCCNet Workflow:**

   .. literalinclude:: ../examples/example_1.py
      :language: python
      :lines: 21-31
      :caption: Running SmCCNet to generate the adjacency matrix.

   This step constructs the network from your multi-omics data and phenotype information using `SmCCNet`.

3. **Run GNN Embedding Generation:**

   .. literalinclude:: ../examples/example_1.py
      :language: python
      :lines: 42-65
      :caption: Generating GNN Embeddings from the Adjacency Matrix.

   This step employs a Graph Neural Network (GNN) to generate embeddings from the adjacency matrix, capturing the complex relationships between features.

4. **Integrate Embeddings into Subject Representation:**

   .. literalinclude:: ../examples/example_1.py
      :language: python
      :lines: 76-83
      :caption: Integrating GNN Embeddings into Subject-Level Omics Data.

   Here, the generated embeddings are integrated into the subject-level omics data, enhancing the dataset for downstream analyses such as clustering or disease prediction.

**Running the Example:**

.. literalinclude:: ../examples/example_1.py
   :language: python
   :caption: Complete SmCCNet Workflow with GNN Embeddings.

Upon successful execution, you will find:
- **Adjacency Matrix**: Generated by SmCCNet, stored as a DataFrame.
- **GNN Embeddings**: Created using GNNs, stored as `embeddings_df`.
- **Enhanced Omics Data**: Subject-level data enriched with embeddings, stored as `enhanced_omics_data`.

**Result Interpretation:**

- **Adjacency Matrix**: Represents the constructed network from multi-omics data, indicating the strength and presence of relationships between features.
- **GNN Embeddings**: Numerical representations capturing the structural and feature-based intricacies of the network, facilitating advanced analyses.
- **Enhanced Omics Data**: Combines original omics data with embedding information, providing a richer dataset for downstream tasks like clustering or predictive modeling.
