Example 3: DPMON-based Hybrid Example (SmCCNet + DPMON)
=========================================================

This script demonstrates a workflow where we first generate an adjacency matrix using SmCCNet,
and then use that matrix to run DPMON for disease prediction.

**Workflow Overview:**

1. **Network Construction (SmCCNet):**
   Generates a network from multi-omics data using `SmCCNet`. The resulting adjacency matrix represents relationships between features.

2. **Disease Prediction (DPMON):**
   Utilizes the generated adjacency matrix to perform disease prediction using the `DPMON` model.

**Step-by-Step Guide:**

1. **Setup Input Data:**
   - Prepare your proteins data (`omics_proteins`), metabolites data (`omics_metabolites`), phenotype data (`phenotype_data`), and clinical data (`clinical_data`) as Pandas DataFrames or Series.
   - These data structures should be loaded or created within your application or script.

2. **Run SmCCNet to Generate Adjacency Matrix:**

   .. literalinclude:: ../examples/example_3.py
      :language: python
      :lines: 21-31
      :caption: Running SmCCNet to generate the adjacency matrix.

   This step constructs the network from your multi-omics data using `SmCCNet`.

3. **Run DPMON for Disease Prediction:**

   .. literalinclude:: ../examples/example_3.py
      :language: python
      :lines: 42-65
      :caption: Running DPMON for Disease Prediction.

   This step employs the `DPMON` model to perform disease prediction based on the generated adjacency matrix and integrated omics data.

4. **Save and Interpret Results:**

   .. literalinclude:: ../examples/example_3.py
      :language: python
      :lines: 76-83
      :caption: Saving and Interpreting DPMON Results.

   Here, the predictions generated by `DPMON` are returned as a DataFrame, providing insights into disease associations based on the integrated omics data.

**Running the Example:**

.. literalinclude:: ../examples/example_3.py
   :language: python
   :caption: Complete SmCCNet + DPMON Hybrid Workflow.

Upon successful execution, you will find:
- **Adjacency Matrix**: Generated by SmCCNet, stored as a DataFrame.
- **Disease Predictions**: Output from DPMON, stored as `predictions_df`.

**Result Interpretation:**

- **Adjacency Matrix**: Represents the constructed network from multi-omics data, indicating the strength and presence of relationships between features.
- **Disease Predictions**: Provides predictions related to disease states based on the integrated omics and network data, facilitating biomarker discovery and patient stratification.
